add legitimate interest clause (#3507)
ppy/osu-wiki: wiki/Legal/Privacy/en.md

If you are covered by the European Union, you have the option of deleting your account from our service. Please note that this is currently a manual process and may take several days to complete ([contact us](mailto:privacy@ppy.sh) to file a request). In the case of account deletion, portions of your public contributions may remain intact, as detailed in "Information we collect".

> As we have a strict one-account-per-user policy to maintain fair leaderboards, after account deletion you may not be able to return to our service. To enforce this, we will also maintain the unique identifying string as mentioned in "Information we collect", even after account deletion. This is done so as a [legitimate interest](https://ico.org.uk/for-organisations/guide-to-data-protection/guide-to-the-general-data-protection-regulation-gdpr/legitimate-interests/when-can-we-rely-on-legitimate-interests/) in order to enforce our rules. Rest assured, it is one-way hashed and cannot be used to identify you outside of osu!, nor the precise context of enforcing this rule.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
As we have a strict one-account-per-user policy to maintain fair leaderboards, after account deletion you may not be able to return to our service. To enforce this, we will also maintain the unique identifying string as mentioned in "Information we collect", even after account deletion. This is done so as a [legitimate interest](https://ico.org.uk/for-organisations/guide-to-data-protection/guide-to-the-general-data-protection-regulation-gdpr/legitimate-interests/when-can-we-rely-on-legitimate-interests/) as outlined in the GDPR in order to enforce our rules. Rest assured, it is one-way hashed and cannot be used to identify you outside of osu!, or outside the precise context of enforcing this rule.
```

Reviewer: just specifies that it is a legitimate interest as outlined under the GDPR, and exchanges the 'nor' for something specifically outlining it as belonging to this particular rule since i thought the nor was a bit confusing
